typo and other clarification (#7955)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/rerun-failed-tests-only.adoc

---

**Question:** What happens if I try to use the functionality and `circleci tests run` is not being used `.circleci/config.yml` file?

> **Answer:** The workflow will re-run from failed as if "Rerun workflow from failed" was pressed.  All tests will be executed including failed tests.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Answer:** All tests will be executed when the workflow runs again, including failed tests. This is equivalent to selecting "Rerun workflow from failed".  
```

---

> **Question:** What happens if I try to use the functionality, `circleci tests run` is being used, but I have not configured my `.circleci/config.yml` file to upload test results to CircleCI?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Question:** What happens if I try to use the functionality and `circleci tests run` is used in my `.circleci/config.yml` file, but I have not configured my job to upload test results to CircleCI?
```
